Describe HtmlEditor - OutputFormats Demo (#786)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/HtmlEditor/OutputFormats/description.md

> Our HtmlEditor outputs the markup in HTML and Markdown formats. To specify the format, use the [valueType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#valueType) property. If you use Markdown, import the Markdown converter as described in the **valueType** article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our HtmlEditor can output the markup in HTML and Markdown formats. To specify the format, use the [valueType](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#valueType) property. If you use Markdown, import the Markdown converter as described in the **valueType** article.
```

> The HtmlEditor stores the markup in the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#value) property. In this demo, the value is displayed under the HtmlEditor. You can use the Html and Markdown buttons to switch between output formats.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The HtmlEditor stores the markup in the [value](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxHtmlEditor/Configuration/#value) property. In this demo, the value is displayed under the HtmlEditor. You can click the Html and Markdown buttons to switch between output formats.
```
